273 step chart (#318)
infor-design/enterprise-wc: src/components/ids-step-chart/README.MD

# IDS Step Chart

## Description

Step chart provides a custom element <ids-step-chart></ids-step-chart> that, when provided provides a stepped and labelled progress bar

## Use Cases

The step chart is designed to indicate progress through a series of steps, this can be a simple binary, step complete incomplete or optionally allows for a "in progress" state that indicates a step is partially completed. this also provides the option for labeling the chart with primary and secondary text indicators. see the features section for more details

## Terminology

> Step: individual block in the component represented by a colored div. can be completed, in progress or untouched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step**: Individual block in the component represented by a colored `<div>` can be completed, in progress or not done.
```

Completed: possible status of a step, will be displayed in a user selected color.

> In Progress: optional status of a step that has not been completed but touched, will be displayed in a user provided secondary color

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**In Progress**: An optional status of a step that has not been completed but started, will be displayed in a user provided secondary color.
```

> Untouched: dfault step status for step not in the other two catagories, is set by the component to a default graphite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Not Started**: Default step status for step not in the other two categories, is set by the component to a default graphite.
```

## Features (With Code Examples)

Ids step chart is created by using the <ids-step-chart> element.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> for an implimentation with only a primary label and completed incompleted steps see the below example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an implementation with only a primary label and completed uncompleted steps see the below example.
```

Not sure about this one? completed uncompleted?

```html
<ids-step-chart label="2 of 7 steps completed" color="azure06" step-number="7" value="2">
</ids-step-chart>
```

> to set in progress steps you must pass an array of strings or numbers where each item in the array is the number of the step you want to update and set the progress-color attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set in progress steps you must pass an array of strings or numbers where each item in the array is the number of the step you want to update and set the `progress-color` attribute.
```

```html
  <ids-step-chart label="2 of 7 steps completed" color="azure06" step-number="7" value="3" completed-label="5 days overdue" progress-color="ruby02">
```

```js
inProgressTwo.stepsInProgress = ['3'];
```

to add a secondary label make use of the completed-label attribute

```html
  <ids-step-chart label="2 of 7 steps completed" color="azure06" step-number="7" value="2" completed-label="5 days remaining">
  </ids-step-chart>
```
IDS step chart also has an available slot `icon` that can be used to append content after the secondary label like so

```html
  <ids-step-chart label="2 of 7 steps completed" color="azure06" step-number="7" value="3" completed-label="5 days overdue" progress-color="ruby02">
    <ids-icon id="alert" slot="icon" icon="alert"></ids-icon>
  </ids-step-chart>
```

## Settings and Attributes

>   - color: the color used for completed steps (must use ids provided colors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `color` {string} Sets the color used for completed steps (must use ids provided colors).
```

Please add all these like:

```
- `color` {string} Sets the color of the badge e.g. `alert`, `error`, or `info`.
```

  - completed-label: secondary label for the component
  - label: primary label for the compenent usually formatted as "x of y steps completed
  - progress-color: color used for flaged steps in progress (must use ids provided colors)
  - steps-in-progress: an array of steps that should be flagged as in progress
  - step-number: total number of steps in the chart
  - value: total number of steps completed or in progress

> ## States and Variations

Reviewer: Can remove empty sections

## Keyboard Guidelines

This componenent does not add any new keyboard fuctionality, steps are not tabable but text is readable by screen readers.

## Mobile Guidelines

## Designs

[design doc](https://www.figma.com/file/yaJ8mJrqRRej8oTsd6iT8P/IDS-(SoHo)-Component-Library-v4.5?node-id=760%3A771)

## Converting from Previous Versions

> Add detailed but concise info on converting from previous version.

Reviewer: Could fill this in

## Accessibility Guidelines

Keep in mind that individual steps are not focusable elements as they are purely visual. It is important to keep both primary and secondary labels up to date for screen reader users.

> 

Reviewer: Extra spaces
